I'll teach you to make a guris door.
you will do
a current with 45
or 45 chains
this will give around 19 to 20 centimeters
this will depend on the thickness of the thread and the needle
I'm using that number 13 that the war had won.
they were also injured
made 45 occurrences
you will do
two chains to climb
it is a good idea to insert a needle into the third chain and
punctual
early
next chain
half point arch
Are you going to work on the current scoreboard?
half high point
he is staying like this
next chain
half point to point
Are you going to work like this?
it was more or less 30 centimeters
it will stay a rectangle
this point it is better to work than low
thankfully more
the number of careers you will be doing when you have worked
in a low
it is the result of robbery
from the most
now let's go back
two families
guides over the two
to do
punctual medium
picking up no interest from the post office at the top of the previous bridge
against this your baby build a rectangle of but at least 19 by 30
They treated the right size so we're waiting.
a huge amount of goias
needed
then we who do process
usually we have more than to use more
It's interesting to always get together.
he will stay like this
now let's start a peak that we will involve our
You're going to make three chains chase.
and will do
the two points used
will then be in a pad with three points added
you will jump two points of the city will deliver in third
and will do then
plus three points in the account
a high point for each
two chains
was two points and taking third
if it was then
three high points
historians of life said
a third party
do this until the end to signal we will end also with three
high points like
even so
I'm coming to an end.
finalize with a
uncertainty
now we're going to walk with us, we'll go
or is he going to stay
You'll get him.
and to get lost
at the next point
introduces the woman within the occurrences
and let's start working only in spaces
three points ago
two chains larsen b
already next month
Dora is fine.
at the next stage
Similarly
do it until the end of the season